c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\PingPong.exe.config
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\PingPong.exe
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\PingPong.pdb
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\Debug\PingPong.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\Debug\PingPong.Form1.resources
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\Debug\PingPong.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\Debug\PingPong.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\Debug\PingPong.exe
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\Debug\PingPong.pdb
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\leonardo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Leonardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\Leonardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\Leonardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\Leonardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\Debug\PingPong.NovoHost.resources
